[Music]
ten signs you found an ideal husband no
one is perfect in this world but when we
fall in love we think we found the ideal
partner who embodies all that is good
beautiful and true however after some
time we start having doubts as to
whether we've chosen the right person is
this situation familiar to you then
watch our short list of important signs
you're married to the perfect spouse the
main signs are the top three take note
of them
number 10 he's not afraid of
difficulties moreover your husband is
always ready to solve any problems a
true man doesn't only speak beautiful
words but also takes decisive actions in
difficult situations he is always ready
to give you a shoulder to cry on and you
know he won't judge you or tease you for
your tears you can be yourself with him
in any situation and show him all of
your weaknesses number 9 he can prepare
dinner by himself and he can do it
without using all the plates and dishes
available in the kitchen modern women
think that a man who looks manly and
knows how to cook is an ideal husband
honestly he doesn't even need to do
something special even if he just slices
the melon and arranges it nicely on the
serving plate it will make his woman
happy
[Music]
number eight he always supports you even
when you make a serious mistake we are
all humans and we all make mistakes when
it happens
your beloved should always be on your
side even when you are wrong in any case
your husband should support you rather
than blame you
number seven he pays attention to detail
this doesn't mean that your man has to
know every detail of your life or
remember what you were wearing the day
you met
however he takes note of the things that
matter to you he remembers all the small
but important details for instance how
much sugar you put in your teeth and
what your favorite song is number six he
is wise not just smart it might be
helpful to have someone around who can
explain quantum physics but even more
important is a man who can find a way
out of life's ordinary problems if your
man can give you good advice when you're
having a fight with your mother
then you're very lucky
[Music]
number five he knows how to cheer you up
when you feel sad your man always knows
how to get you back in the groove he
will tell a great joke support you take
you out on a date or do other things
that will make you feel better
he won't give up until he sees a smile
on your face number four he knows how to
compromise and negotiate an ideal man
can find common language with police
officers plumbers and crying women with
no threats or bribery well you can even
handle your toxic next-door neighbor all
you have to do is praise him more often
and admire his ability to find a common
language with anyone in the world number
three he doesn't forget about your
problems after leaving home men usually
find it difficult to focus on more than
one task at a time however a loving
person always makes your problems a
priority and never put your issues on
the backburner number two he helps you
with household chores if your spouse
appreciates and respects you he will
never let you feel like you're his maid
he understands that you get tired at
work so he is always ready to help you
with cleaning the house if you ask him
moreover doing household chores together
is a great way to get the work done
faster and spend time as a couple
number one your opinion matters to him
the relationship between husband and
wife shouldn't only be about living
together they also need to become
friends and advisors to each other this
doesn't mean however that a man should
be under his wife's tomp learning how to
make decisions together and only
together is a crucial element of a happy
marriage obviously every person has
their idea of a perfect relationship and
the qualities that make a man an ideal
partner differ for everyone however
finding someone who puts you first and
whom you can put first is key for a
happy marriage can you call your family
a happy family what do you think the
secret to a successful relationship is
share your thoughts in the comments
below don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to stay on the bright side of
life